is
private practices 5 6 and 7 February and even came to this world on the
paper 3
the player motive classes
I wanted to make it a newscast especially the atheltic 3m
to explain these
these classes because the very important part
outstanding and very important very important to name all the ages that
Will have
the shortage of patent players
first of all start
the comment that arrested the iss
who
cadiz as a company
i its more difficult games both paco marinos como batetik 2
They are proud of the game although it has always been shown and characterized
for playing as a team
I dwell with obesity is not that I prefer to see her the chorus 200 g play at
paste shots cited support got the textile and why did juan team and we
like more holland is fine is proud that the saga abate physical
neither by the team
but from the paper that 3
apart from being able to put teams also thanks to these four phases of play
the multiplayer
the player can
enter after a few games
needless
precisely
have all your totality
unlocked to be pontiff
then in this one goes to 33
you can play it we are supportive
like the ones you like there
hello juan m
i no no
let's go and explain the
acz
four classes that are
assault engineer support has knowledge
the street assault is the
the phrase of the first battle already
and how
to become a reality of battle
to heal his companions therefore
has been included
percent of this class
everything related
peace in peace
with this I mean
in the guide he devoted himself to losing writing labors
quick healing
many nations
Thus
the great novelty
because the
assault class
may be
cements
from air france parakeet bums execution according to your argument
have a greater firepower for pizarro
this is the most important lesson
to the engineers
as I did and that is the image of
has the famous people
the engineers c
Like all the papers and they're back
and they will repair the vehicles
but the clan a very important feature
compose destroy it
they will be included
the decree that they are crazy all kinds of material that can destroy armored
which even when asad buildings
this promises to be with the new engine corp baic fleet tuna amazing
national percent that the engineer includes the engineer
by the way it's carbines and
i good
eternal an art
a multiplayer link we had quite versatile
percent
may attend
will also have like superbe lightweight
i
let's see is what class hunt
it looks very interesting
and behind the engineer house
we have the support class the support class remained on twitter
making use of the pc light hours i that's why this time it was heavy
allowing to turn it into checks or other forms of weapons
this class
traed two characteristics are the albatross
how are the pythons and the Persian Gulf
let's explain what are the pitons and the suction tube
very powerful very practical especially to make the mg
since they provide
this line to arm
constant rally and
giving him hard
the reports presented anywhere
same one can not remember a very important skill that goes from the
three is that you can crawl
completely on land and you can be there you can have a star
pop hip-hop to install
this output that is going to give him the pri power
it gives player work started the recession I'm sure and
and the reduction of the deficit is another that will be a story
a corporate culture
it is said that it is capable of firing a 200-round magazine from
the lpga
with great precision what
samsung viera
have to pay for you
all thanks to this species
attended to the bid to see if it is given or very outraged
and good the suppression group
it consists in giving
this new mechanics
new game mechanics
that changes the shape to the current
took him away in the vicinity of a live baby that barrier is shown
as a graphic aspect away from your screen of para
to express it to annoy you
for what
he did not make sure to leave that coverage
equally important
is that this mechanics will be affected
hunting
it is like
something similar to pay enemy of
d
in colon school desk
makes the map difficult
zinapécuaro
the player does not miss anything but at this moment the player did notice that
you are there, attacking law
it's going to be very important
this feature
Thus
will have to be there to
to have him
in mind the park consortium
very interesting mcc
percent the kind of procedure
is the one that accepts the sniper par excellence present at present
interest
percent the class
then the one that they accept copied by
adolf stockpiles this base
I could not miss
the sniper league gives him
point of view other than the battlefield
how are the snipers can not have
percent
what to comment on
about this about this class that we have not seen in a purchase of two
tunnels
You can go back to what the business of
squeezing remember in the command of the press the select days
the president pointed out that united states
i with eyes
each soldier will have his own growth by default
lisbon customize
to our liking
i
it seems on the other hand later
because it will surely give much more details we would like to villa some
Video understands
the multiplayer we hope that soon
and good guys girls
I hope that it will be joyful information surely and the time followed by
somewhere
grandparents of the home the work has commented I am sure but good
I wanted to leave my
my point of view yes
information here for all of us
because you deserve it because we are on time to reach 6 thousand subscribers
fills us with a lot of joy you are the best many thanks guys
Wolf